2.2.2

Fixed time zone support. (hopefully!)
Added Thai localization.

2.2.1

Fixed a bug with events set to repeat on a weekday of the month.
Fixed a bug with events set to repeat until a certain date.
Fixed a bug with certain special characters in the Notes field.
Updated Catalan, Croation, Dutch, Hungarian, Norwegian, Portuguese, Brazilian Portuguese, and Serbian localizations.

2.2

Added support for the Birthdays calendar.
Displays today's date in the header.
Clicking an event (except birthdays) now highlights that event in iCal.
Displays event notes in a tooltip when the mouse is over the event name.
Observes iCal's time zone settings, if enabled in iCal.
Fixed a bug that caused the widget to be unable to load some calendars.
Runs natively on Intel Macs.

2.1.5

Fixed crash when deleting calendars.
Fixed bug with displaying nameless events.
Added Catalan localization.
Improved scroll wheel support.

2.1.4

Added Hungarian localization.
Fixed bug with Daylight Saving Time support.

2.1.3

Added Latvian localization
Added Albanian localization
Fixed bug with recurrence IDs

2.1.2

Fixed scroll wheel support
Reduced memory usage
Improved performance
Fixed several crashes
Added Bosnian, Mexican Spanish, and Russian localizations

2.1.1

Fixed a crash at widget startup (zero-length durations)

2.1

Fixed a bug where events from certain calendars did not appear
Fixed a bug with scrolling calendar list
Added timezone support
Resizable
Relative dates
Added _____ localizations
Reduced memory usage
Added support for scrolling with the scroll wheel
All-day events
Now displays upcoming events until they end

2.02

Fixed crash when viewing prefs
Added Chinese (simplified and traditional), Croatian, Dutch, German, Greek, Italian, Portuguese, Serbian, and Spanish localizations

2.01

Added Croatian, Dutch, German, Greek, Italian, Portuguese, Serbian, and Spanish localizations

2.0

View events from multiple calendars in the same widget
See up to two weeks of upcoming events
Dates and times now automatically appear in your language and format
French localization by Jérémie Ecoffey
Fixed a bug where events on certain calendars didn't appear
Fixed an issue with quotation marks not appearing correctly
Fixed a text clipping bug with calendar names

1.01

Added support for WKST != SU
Fixed nil string issues in unescapeString:

1.0

Initial release